[v8r0] COMDIRAC merge (#6403)
DIRACGrid/DIRAC: docs/source/UserGuide/Tutorials/ShorthandCommands/index.rst

> ==================

Reviewer: Add as first lines of this file:

```
.. _shorthand_commands:

.. set highlighting to console input/output
.. highlight:: console
```

Shorthand Commands
==================

These commands are aimed at frequest users of a DIRAC UI, especially if you experience latency issues, as this setup offers a caching mechanism.
They do require some initial setup.

#. Setting up your default

You only need to do this once.

    $ source diracos/diracosrc
    $ dirac-proxy-init -g [your DIRAC group]
    $ dconfig --minimal

This will create a skeleton config file in ``~/.dirac/dcommands.conf``

> Now edit the configuration file usig your details. If you are a member of more than on VO, you might want to setup different profiles for each.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now edit the configuration file using your details. If you are a member of more than one VO, you might want to setup different profiles for each.
```

Reviewer 2: Of course I just hit "commit code" and now I have a CI test failure again, as the default commit messages are not DIRAC compliant. Sigh.
